chore(docs): refactor `bootstrap.recovery` section (#2550)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/recovery.md

-->

> In PostgreSQL terminology, recovery is the process to start a PostgreSQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PostgreSQL terminology, recovery is the process of starting a PostgreSQL
```

> instance from a previously taken backup. PostgreSQL recovery mechanism

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance using a previously taken backup. PostgreSQL recovery mechanism
```
